Pipelines GitLab Support Docs (#2393)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/installation/viagithubapp.md

The [Gruntwork.io GitHub App](https://github.com/apps/gruntwork-io) is a [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/overview) introduced to help reduce the burden of integrating Gruntwork products to GitHub resources. The app is designed to be lightweight and flexible, providing a simple way to get started with Gruntwork products.

> At this time Gruntwork does not provide an app for GitLab, this page is only relevant for Gruntwork Pipelines users installing to GitHub.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

At this time Gruntwork does not provide an app for GitLab, this page is only relevant for Gruntwork Pipelines users installing in GitHub.

:::
```
